They truly are like family to us.
We are so lucky to have these people that just care.
At Ann and Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago,
we know that caring for your child takes more than medicine.
They're not just treating the disease.
They're caring for Olivia.
They know my baby's name.
They make me happy.
And they make me feel better.
With cutting-edge treatments and kid-friendly care,
there's a reason Lurie Children's has ranked the number one
Children's Hospital in Illinois.
I would always recommend Lurie Children's, always.
Here I am.
Rocking me like a hurricane.
Is that not the song?
Wait, no, I'm sorry.
This is supposed to be somber.
(humming)
That's Enya music playing.
Enya's sitting in the darkness.
We're in the pitch darkness of Dead Rabbit Command.
I have a special announcement for all of you.
I wasn't originally gonna include this
on the opening of an episode,
but it was kind of bringing the mood down for the episode.
I knew this was gonna happen,
and I've been predicting it for hundreds of episodes
on Dead Rabbit Radio.
We're sitting in a pitch black room in Dead Rabbit Command,
and there's like a lump in the middle of the room.
And you're sitting on it, I'm like,
no, no, get off that lump.
It's sacred, it's sacred.
Come sit by me.
I knew this was gonna happen.
The YouTube channel is done.
Dead Rabbit Radio YouTube channel is absolutely done.
I'm including this as a separate feature,
'cause some people wanna know this,
and I think it's important to know
for just the future of conspiracy content
and paranormal content on YouTube.
But if you don't wanna know about it
and you just wanna hear goofy stories,
I totally respect that.
What is going on was last Sunday,
I was just, I don't remember what the episode was,
and I got hit with a content warning
for an episode I did 200 episodes ago.
I got hit with promoting harmful or misleading information.
You know, I was like, what could possibly, what was it?
It was nothing I said.
I included a link into YouTube,
'cause I included my show notes
because I think when you make crazy,
it would be really easy for me to say,
you won't believe what this guy over here says
and just make a bunch of stuff up.
And I'm lambasting this guy,
I'm lambasting this person who says they're a super soldier
or whatever, some stupid belief,
or just making it about a whole cloth,
and you'd be like, oh, that is crazy,
and there's no way to check my work.
And it's also important because I considered this
paranormal research for other people
to continue from the research.
So I include the show notes.
It was the episode about Civil War of the Worlds.
It was the episode, this guy had a website,
it was a Civil War fan website,
and he had an April Fool's article
about space aliens invading during the Civil War.
And I covered it 'cause I was like,
what, I've never heard of this story before.
Mysterious Universe covered it.
I covered it off of them.
And then it turns out that it was an April Fool's joke,
which made the story even better.
And I got to talk to the author of the article.
It was a great way to end the whole saga.
But now we are 200 episodes later,
and which is 40 weeks, which is almost a year later.
And I get hit with promoting
harmful or misleading information.
And I thought, what, in the world?
I thought, one, Tarnation?
I turned into a cartoon character?
Yo, Sam and Sam says that right now.
I don't know, has nothing to do with the somber mood.
The point is, is that I filed an appeal.
I got that warning last week to say,
hey, this is content warning,
you're promoting this stuff, I filed an appeal.
And I was kind of flabbergasted.
I guess I am a cartoon character.
I'm flabbergasted.
I said, hey, it's just, you know, I covered the story.
It's in the show notes.
I go, it's an April Fool's joke.
Like, sure it didn't really happen,
but it's an April Fool's joke.
But I found that, my thing was that 90% of the stuff
that we covered could be considered harmful
or misleading in some way.
Someone goes, Ghost don't exist.
It's very misleading that this guy's talking about ghosts exist.
He labeled this as a cult.
That's not a cult.
It's just 12 people who hang in a barn
who just like murdering people.
That's not a cult though.
Don't, don't infer they're a cult.
You can call them, call them a bunch of killers.
You, that's harmful to that religion.
So you could do that with pretty much everything
we talk about on this show.
It's harmful or it's misleading.
I was like, okay, this must be some sort of glitch.
I filed the appeal and then one week later,
exactly one week later,
I just recorded and uploaded yesterday's episode,
which would have been the Orangevale episode,
which I really enjoyed.
It was a slog, I recorded an episode, had to re-record it.
I recorded the Orangevale episode
and at the end of it was the episode,
the segment about the man who built a hidey hole
in a men's restroom and he stuck his head
underneath the urinal and people were peeing on him.
Now I got, the first one was a warning
because of that story, I got another content strike.
But it wasn't because of what I said.
It was because of the link to the Vice News article,
which was listed as nudity or sexual is what it said.
And I thought, well, listen,
the person who's flagging on YouTube
might really find it sexy when people get peed on.
There's definitely no nudity in there.
And if you read the article,
there is no explicit, like,
oh, he must have been doing this and this
and it must have felt this good.
It's a guy telling a story to the reporter.
It's very like, hey, you won't believe what happened.
I worked at a pub and pretty much the same narrative
I told you.
So it's nothing I'm saying, it's my links.
But at this point, I cannot upload or comment
or post anything, live stream or anything to YouTube
for the next week.
So I'm done.
Because I'm not gonna, I tried for the past couple of episodes
if you look at YouTube, I started going into the document
and making it so goes, if you wanna see the show notes,
go to this page on my DeadRabbit.com website.
I'm gonna show you the show notes for that episode.
I started doing that, but this one happened within 10 minutes.
This one happened before, before I could,
and I didn't think it was gonna happen,
but within 10 minutes of me uploading the episode,
I got a content strike.
The fact of the matter is, if I'm getting hit for a website
that I posted 200 episodes ago,
there's 642 time bombs out there on my channel
that the algorithm or someone at YouTube
is personally going through and going harmful, misleading.
So I'm not going to play that game.
I am making a decision to stop uploading to YouTube.
The YouTube episodes are going to end at 642
and we're gonna go ahead and other 600, 800,000 episodes.
They're not gonna be available on YouTube.
I am making the decision that I'm,
the main reason, 'cause I could basically
just burn it to the ground and just keep putting out
content until it gets copyrighted,
striked into existence or content striked into existence.
I could do that.
I kind of like the fact that I have a platform for,
I can hit a button and I can start live streaming
to a channel where I have a bunch of subscribers.
I'm still thinking in the future,
I may live stream to advertise for the podcast,
maybe once a month pop in and go,
"Hey, this is what you guys have been missing
"if you haven't been watching the podcast."
I might do that.
I don't know.
I like having the opportunity of live streaming,
definitely like the opportunity of live streaming,
but I have to kind of weigh the pros and the cons of that,
but I definitely know new content on DeadRabbit Radio,
outside maybe live stream,
and really that will only exist until I figure out a way
that I can make a Twitch thing.
What do you kids call that?
A Twitch account?
No, I have a Twitch account,
but until I can know that if I hit a button
that you guys will be notified.
'Cause a lot of you guys would jump,
when I start a live stream,
I'd get 40 people watching right away,
which was really good on YouTube.
So I wanna keep it for that
and I can advertise the show as that
and all the content and all the community
that we've built, all those comments,
all that interaction I've had with you guys.
If I just nuke the channel,
if I just start keep putting the stuff out
and don't let this get,
and even if they resolve this in my favor,
I'm still, I'm done, I'm still done.
I total, 'cause they're both still in appeal.
Both of these things are both still in appeal.
The first one, I go,
"Dude, you didn't even let the first appeal play out."
And I'm getting hit with this other one.
I go, "It's a vice.com article.
There's nothing sexual about it.
There's nothing nude about it."
And then, you know, but I do think it's fitting.
I thought it was funny as when I saw that that happened,
I thought, "Great, the last episode
that I post on YouTube is the episode where I say,
"You know, it'd be really cool
if everyone could just forget their differences
and it, or not forget their differences,
but acknowledge their differences,
but work towards a better and brighter future for everybody."
I said, "It's a very childish way of looking at the world,
but it's something I've never grown out of.
I think eventually we can all work together
as one human race and still have our differences."
YouTube's like, "Nope.
Nope, this is the type of content this guy's putting out.
Let's hit him with this nudity strike a week
after his first one.
We're not gonna let this appeal process play out.
We're not gonna let him upload for a week."
YouTube's like, "Nah, we don't want this content on here.
We don't want this stuff.
We don't want someone disputing conspiracy theories."
Nah, nah, we want six hour videos on flat earth.
You know, to be, okay, that's not fair.
That's not fair.
I don't wanna have a persecution complex.
My actual fear about this isn't so fine.
I'd been predicting this for years.
I've had backup plans.
I mean, I thought, you know, we'll eventually move to Twitch.
I knew YouTube was pretty shaky.
I've been saying it for a long time.
I'm showing people are saying,
"You're paranoid, you're paranoid."
My concern is that I am, and I think,
I hit the appeal button a week ago and haven't heard back.
I bet you they're doing this everywhere.
And I bet you they're getting hit with tons of appeals.
And I think a lot of channels are gonna get shut down.
I think a lot of channels doing stuff like this.
But they're coming for Windy Goon.
They're coming for all of this content.
They're coming for that chapter.
They're coming for Nexpo.
I think they're really gonna start just sweeping
all of this stuff up.
I'm not going to bit shoot.
I don't think that that's the right format.
Also, it's extra work.
YouTube, I just hit a button
and it automatically uploaded to YouTube
with a static image.
Bit shoot, I'd have to do video processing again,
like I did in the early days.
So I think that this is a harbinger for things to come.
I think that,
and I knew it was gonna happen.
I 100% knew it was gonna happen when I saw,
and I would joke about it.
I go, that's why Hans Worm Hats channels
are getting shut down all the time.
Even though I talk about stuff in a way that I'm like,
I don't believe this, it doesn't make sense.
The algorithm I knew would eventually start
to just realize,
thinking that I was part of the conspiracy promoters.
And there's some, you know, like,
even the stuff right at me,
let's put on our conspiracy caps.
Let's look at it this way.
I knew that it was coming.
So we are sitting in a dark and dead rabbit command,
and I throw a torch.
I was holding the torch this whole time.
You didn't know, you're sitting right next to me.
You had a torch in your face.
You're like, ah, I throw the torch onto the lump
in the middle of the room.
And it is the YouTube channel in effigy.
(sizzling)
And it's burning, and we're just standing there
and your music playing.
(singing)
So it's just, what did I just say?
It's burning, it's still burning.
We're just standing there.
I forgot we're doing this indoors.
Smoking elation.
We go outside of Dead Rabbit Command.
We're looking through a window
as we're watching the YouTube channel burn.
I'm no longer upload.
No longer gonna upload on YouTube.
Keep it around for the live streams.
I think it would be really cool to figure out a way.
I couldn't do it weekly 'cause it's too much work,
but figure out a way that we could all get together
and talk on you.
I don't know.
But we're just gonna stop posting new content on there.
And also if you do listen to the show,
obviously you're hearing this.
There's a lot of people who listen to it on YouTube
who don't know what's going on.
They're gonna spend a whole week going like, what?
So if you do happen to see them online or in real life,
you have a buddy who just always watches YouTube
and be like, hey, Jason is now primarily only
on podcast channels and DeadRabbit.com.
So that's how you will be able to listen to him
from now on.
Fire is burning.
It's just the end of a chapter.
It's not the end of the show.
It is something that I expected.
If I can figure out a way to alert everyone
when I'm doing a Twitch livestream,
we will just do that as well because I just don't want,
right now I'm having to download as much content as I can
'cause for all I know the channel's gone
while I've been recording this.
I could be racking up strikes from past content.
So we're just doing that.
But yeah, I'd be not, I'm not gonna do bit shoot.
But yeah, maybe we'll see about Twitch
and I got some other tricks up my sleeve.
Some other tricks up my sleeve.
But the show is not going anywhere.
The podcast is completely safe.
Spotify doesn't work like a certain episode of mine.
But that's fair.
You know, the same thing, YouTube is a private,
it's a private business.
If they wanna get rid of all conspiracy
and all paranormal content and all true crime content
and clear it up and just have makeup channels,
so that's their right.
That's their right to do that.
But we will not be a part of that anymore.
To all the friends that I made on YouTube,
you guys are still around.
You guys are still gonna be able to talk
and I'd like to figure out a way that we could still meet up
and that's why we may still do a livestream every now
and then.
But that, we will decide on later.
So let the Inya Music play us out
and I'll have an episode coming out in a couple hours, guys.
I love you.
Thanks for sticking around and I will see you soon.
(singing in foreign language)
[no audio]